Update Magento Release Info with link to Cloud release notes (#3603)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/release-notes/bk-release-notes.md

*	Overview of [backward-incompatible changes]({{page.baseurl}}/release-notes/backward-incompatible-changes/index.html) between the 2.2 and 2.3 releases

## {{site.data.var.ece}}

> The ece-tools package is a scalable deployment tool that simplifies the {{ site.data.var.ece }} upgrade process by providing commands to backup the database, apply custom patches, and verify environment packages, and more. The package also contains scripts and Magento Commerce Cloud commands to help manage your code and automatically build and deploy your projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ece-tools package is a scalable deployment tool that simplifies the {{ site.data.var.ece }} upgrade process by providing commands to backup the database, apply custom patches, and verify environment packages, and more. The package also contains scripts and {{site.data.var.ece}} commands to help manage your code and automatically build and deploy your projects. 
```

> See [Release Notes for ece-tools]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/release-notes/cloud-tools.html) for the latest updates and improvements to the ece-tools package as well as information about Magento Commerce Cloud upgrades and patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Release Notes for ece-tools]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/release-notes/cloud-tools.html) for the latest updates and improvements to the ece-tools package as well as information about {{site.data.var.ece}} upgrades and patches.
```

> See [Release Notes for ece-tools]{{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/release-not4es/cloud-tools.html) for the latest updates and improvements to the ece-tools package as well as information about Magento Commerce Cloud upgrades and patches.

Reviewer 2: This link looks like it has a number 4 in it.

> {: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info } We recommend installing full {{site.data.var.ece}} upgrades for important security updates. Full upgrades include all associated patches and hotfixes.

Reviewer 2: Why is this obsolete? Did something happen?

Author: > Why is this obsolete? Did something happen?
I removed the link because it puts you in a sub-topic of the Upgrades and Patches content. Because this is the Release Information, it seemed clearer to just link to the Release Notes for ece-tools topic, which provides a link to the upgrades and patches topic in the intro.

Also, I tried to minimize the amount of linked info in this Release Information topic to make it easier to maintain.
